Alicia Noedel: Mean when
Alicia Noedel: Good morning. Sorry. Everyone's asleep. So I had to sit up. So we're to do my little meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just fine. Listen. Everybody's got their kids at home, and it's just a real real scramble for everyone. So, don't, don't feel bad if you know you need to go out and take care of your baby to okay I completely understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole planets in a frenzy over this situation so
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do have a couple of things I want to do unless you have something really pressing right now.
Alicia Noedel: No, we're good. I just had to come into the sunroom and get a little pillow to sit down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright, cool, and I would like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the sunroom that you're in. Is there any chance you have any way to, I don't know if you have anything nearby to kind of prop me up so that this device is sitting, sitting somewhere. Take a look around. There's no rush on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be leaned up against.
Would be
Alicia Noedel: Things I can put on the bench.
Alicia Noedel: Let's see if that works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I would say just down the line. Continue. And I remind everyone, every time I meet until we get, get it all figured out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want it build it up eventually. So that you and I can see each other I die today. This is beautiful, though, so thank you for creating that
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to talk to you about where we left off last week I had invited maybe taking some of that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your resource figures and maybe when you were doing the belly breathing, maybe starting to think about those figures, it's, it's always okay if everything was forgotten, that's okay to just want to check in and see if we're able to do that, or even remember it.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, the, the belly breathing has been helping me a lot more than the imagery
Uh huh.
Alicia Noedel: Just because that's more of like an instant.
Alicia Noedel: You know when I'm in a weird headspace, you know, it helps right away.
That's right. It does.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me understand educate me a little bit more, maybe tell me a little story just even a little one where you you thought, Oh, I remember these images. And then what happened.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: Is the other day when I found out that I'm
Alicia Noedel: The coven
Alicia Noedel: started spreading into Mexico.
Alicia Noedel: And so I started getting really because it is already something I've been very afraid of just with my daughter and my mother being ill and everything.
Alicia Noedel: Um, so I i've been worrying about it a lot, actually. I've been having a lot of panic attacks about it.
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: I don't know it. The imagery didn't really help in that situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So wait, let me just see. I gotta get educated here. So we have I was worried and then tell me what you did. So I'm worried. I have been for some time.
Alicia Noedel: I isolated myself. I went in. I sat in a room by myself.
Alicia Noedel: And so that I wouldn't because when I get anxious I get frustrated and I take it out and everybody around me.
Gwenevere Abriel: In what way, how do you what I would call act out
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you own.
Alicia Noedel: Just like I get frustrated with everybody. Like if they're talking to me and they're asking the questions. And there you know I get like very, you know, quick to like
Alicia Noedel: Be bugged by them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually doing saying moving
Alicia Noedel: I mean, just having like just being passive aggressive. Honestly, it's not like I'm like being crazy with anybody. It's just like attitude and then I try and so I isolated myself. I went and I sat in my room with my little girl because, you know, I can never be mad at her.
Alicia Noedel: And I just did my breathing and I was thinking about the imagery
Alicia Noedel: And honestly, the breathing helped before the imagery did so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm getting into some real specific such, but I want to check on another level. You didn't do anything wrong. The reason why I'm pressing for these specifics is to see what
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got in the way. So,
Alicia Noedel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: See it as a wrong or right. It's really just, just see what comes up for you. So I'm I am noticing some general generality.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get into real specifics. Because what you call mad or angry or passive aggressive
Alicia Noedel: Mean anything right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything and and what if it's helpful to hear someone else's perspective, if you just never know. And I like to really know. Are people
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually more hostile aggressive than they realize or maybe they're really not actually and they may benefit from hearing someone else and that's why I was asking with wording. Oh, I know what passive aggressive is and I know it irritation is in my world.
Alicia Noedel: But in yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like it's, there's some behaviors that you do that you don't like. So you isolate it
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when you're in a stress response you call it a panic, you go you isolated you brought the baby and you did the breathing. Yes, of course. That's why I taught that Russia. First thing I teach because it's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I'm wanting to get at. We can pick up maybe what what the mad angry passive aggressive stuff isn't a second but what I'm trying to really figure out is
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the thought, what's the fear thought around the virus.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: It coming into my house and it really it really feels like
Alicia Noedel: Like a home invasion. You know what I mean, like, like they're coming through the vents and there's nothing you can do about it. And there's no way you can, you know, protect your family because it's going to happen regardless
Alicia Noedel: I'm scared that someone that I love is going to get sick. You know, I have a group. My fiance has a great grandma that I love very much that she's very old.
Alicia Noedel: Okay and I'm just scared that you know my baby. My, my, my man who goes out every day, you know, and has to work at a hotel where there's people traveling from all over the place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit of cognitive, behavioral, it's not what my current my my plan was. But let's say it's hard to resist that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, what does the worrying do to protect your man and
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Okay. All right. So you have a rational mind. Right. They can say
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, and yet there. Does it keeps going defaulting to to a fear thought right
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're scared and it feels like it's a home invasion. Because you said it coming in as if it's it's going to come in.
Alicia Noedel: Fields. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about anything that you can do. So the things that we can do. Are any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Being not
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I've been extremely cautious.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, cautious.
Alicia Noedel: hausa I'm constantly washing my hands. We got enough food to quarantine ourselves for a little while.
Alicia Noedel: I have I made my own hand sanitizer, because the store sold out. I had to go to the store like three different times, because there was no milk, no nothing. Every time it with. There's no formula for my daughter, but oh
Alicia Noedel: Okay, we're just trying to get everything we need.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but that doesn't prevent much it's the coming in. That's the concern. So you're handling once it's in, but the coming in part. That's what I'm wondering about, so your man's over at a hotel. Work, work, work, work. Any, any recommendations suggestions out there around mentioned protection.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I mean he works in the kitchen of the bar. So the only way that he could, you know, really be affected as if one of his co workers.
Alicia Noedel: gets sick, or like a plate comes back from the, from the dining room into the kitchen and you know someone touches it, and then someone said something else, you know, and then someone, such as anything else. And then he touches that same thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I guess what I'm getting at is, I'm hearing you taking precaution, but do you feel confident that he is
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so he is doing.
Alicia Noedel: He's taking it just as serious as I am, because we don't want our doctor to get sick.
And so what are those precautions. He's taking
Alicia Noedel: Um, he takes his hand sanitizer with him everywhere. And he's staying like away from close contact with people.
Alicia Noedel: You know, we haven't been out in forever.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, we're not going any public places or anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, reduce contact and the hand sanitizer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, it's that handwashing
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Oh, constantly. We just got our sink fix. I'm in our bathroom. And so it's a lot easier now because it's so much closer. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: But I don't think I'm being irrational.
Alicia Noedel: Like it's scary, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When Oh so you cute, cute in into the word irrational. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: What I said was
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have a rational thought that is
Gwenevere Abriel: By worrying about it doesn't actually preserve anyone safety.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing it does do and that's the job of the brain. It's at least certain parts of it anyway. Certainly the limbic system is to keep you safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it can have an overreaction and it does, it doesn't include the stuff up there in the frontal lobe. So yes, it's true there there are concerns going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just worrying isn't going to put you at your best. You're not going to be the best problem solver. You're not going to think of some cool things. So just include that it doesn't put us at our best functioning brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's going to be an automatic. One is to say where it were to perceive threat.
Alicia Noedel: I've been feeling a lot more
Alicia Noedel: calm about it. Just because I have been implementing you know the coping mechanisms and everything that you've showed me
Gwenevere Abriel: Recently like as in cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: Help me, I'm hearing panic attack and recently.
Alicia Noedel: I was I was I'm I'm
Alicia Noedel: not as scared as I was when it first hit the US.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, because the fatality rate and like the way that it's spreading here in New Mexico, because I know you don't live here.
Alicia Noedel: Um, the way that it's spreading here. It's not spreading the way it would spread in a big city.
Alicia Noedel: So it's not as scary.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: But it's, it's still, you know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've done everything that you can
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if there's something else that you think of write it down. You don't have to hold it in your head. Let's write it down. Just let your brain say okay, we already wrote it down. We can take action if we have resources. This is what I'll do, right, that can be
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I wanted to spend a little bit of time. Um, oh wait no, you know, let's get into that imagery for a second because it's neat that you said
Gwenevere Abriel: can't protect right that it's gonna it's some. It's a kind of come into the home and one of the images has to do with a protected figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just, I just wonder if part of the problem that you're protected figure is Scooby Doo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, in and of itself. Nothing wrong with that totally full because it's kind of cute right we get a giggle out of it, too, which is we're going to remember things better. We're going to absorb it when we're when we're not disgusted by something
Alicia Noedel: Why that came straight from my childhood. That's why does the first thing I thought of. But I also think that I'm having a problem with that because, um, you know, we do have a lot of cowardly qualities to him.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, but I mean he always ran away when when, you know, things got sick so MIT, a good idea because I knew that's what you were gonna say it might be a good idea for me to try and take another
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's revisit it figure. So why don't all do some brainstorm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why talking about this is important, right, we get to find out in real time, because for some people it can really work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember, all we need to do is shift the, the neural network that we're in. We're in a in a fear response. We can just shifted focus here. Spend our energy in a different part of the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can have a lowered heart rate calmer breathing so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just think let's start with what you do, like, though, and then I did. If we have time, I'd really like to also cultivate a couple more pieces of imagery and this is all to develop down the line, possibly doing some of the MTR work.
If you're ready. Well, we, we have lots to talk about before that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scooby Doo. The part that you do like
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that feels protective what what what attributes. Does he have it seems
Alicia Noedel: Um, I feel like
Alicia Noedel: Because he's a dog, you know, dogs are usually very loyal to their owners and protective of their owners.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember he would make a little sound if if the, if he heard something. Maybe there was, he can alert people quicker than other people because of his acute hearing something like that.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, but he was, he would over exaggerate. So they want to know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got some problems with it. We've got the loyalty though that's not in question right but but the dissonance and that's a fun word you'll see it all over. Once you get what it is is that there is an opposing a lot of opposing information there's cowardly, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. He ran away.
Alicia Noedel: Not just strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And remember, these are the ideal. So we want to give ourselves permission, because we're in a distress state to really kind of flip the switch and go to the opposite. We're in a fear response. We want to feel love safety, we want to feel those things right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just see what we do like is the loyalty, like the loyalty. So let's give, give yourself a chance to to just have a all say some things and you just see where your mind goes
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I mentioned some of those those figures from movies, whether it was the hall or the Iron Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've also got TV shows where you can see someone. Oh, so there's a show out there. I don't know if I'll be able to remember I'm kind of like this. I think it's called Outlander.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you ever see that
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. And you won't get it. But there's particular. So I'm going to talk and you see what comes up, there's a particular character in there who
Gwenevere Abriel: very loyal.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't really match the some of the social norms of of this era, but his simple, clear definitive perspective on keeping
Gwenevere Abriel: People a vulnerability safe is very sharp, he, he just does it. He, he protects protects protects protects and it's throughout many, many scenes and he puts us on life in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
I'm just trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm big lay on the bluff Lori's
Alicia Noedel: Usually the mayor in or movies aren't really the right you know people to think about, but the first person I thought about when he said that was
Alicia Noedel: Clary Starling.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, silence of the land.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she okay describe the quality she like about Clarice
Alicia Noedel: Um, she
Alicia Noedel: Protected protective
Alicia Noedel: Of victims people that have been victimized victimized. Got it, got it, got it.
Alicia Noedel: She's very witty and smart.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hottest wit help protect a victim.
Alicia Noedel: So hard to explain things in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, and now the hypothesis. I'm operating on under here is you were missing this right so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to develop so
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not like I can't get that that having the ability to negotiate verbally, because I'm intelligent, I can navigate it and enter personally risky thing by using wit and charm sound like I can't get that I could see that that would be useful in her personally
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a lot if you got to really kind of come at it at an angle with that. But the clear
Gwenevere Abriel: Mama Bear behavior is is difficult for you to get to. I'm noticing. It's really hard to get to. Why don't you go to yourself for just a moment because the image might end up being you.
Alicia Noedel: I take care of everyone, I'm very protective of everybody. My, my boyfriend is just telling me.
Alicia Noedel: Because I was like, I don't know where I'm going to do my meeting, maybe I'm going to go out to the car because everyone is asleep, and it's we have like an open
Alicia Noedel: Floor Plan in my house. So like to hear a pin drop in like across the room. Right. And so I was like well just go sit in the car.
Alicia Noedel: Or in the sunroom and he's like, well, you're very considerate of everybody you know you're thinking about everybody else and you know I do. I'm very protective of my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me how
Alicia Noedel: I, I don't
Alicia Noedel: want anything to happen. Anybody and I try and make sure that everybody's okay and has everything they need. I'll never let anybody go without anything and never want anyone to be hungry.
Alicia Noedel: I'll make sure that you have, you know, if you need my last dollar more than me. I'll give it to you. Okay, that's some
Alicia Noedel: That's dipping a little bit to
Alicia Noedel: See, here's a good example. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: There was a incident, a while back on me might be. We're living in a very unstable, please. Okay. And the person that we're living with pulled out a gun on him and I stood in front of him.
Alicia Noedel: And I grabbed the gun and I, you know, pretty much tried to tackle the guy who was trying to do it.
Alicia Noedel: And I got to the ground. You know, I would die from
Alicia Noedel: Any circumstance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And this was
Gwenevere Abriel: Just it's hard for me column guy, man. What's his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your sweetheart, your husband. I don't remember whether people
Alicia Noedel: Oh my, my, my baby. His name is walking. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you stood in front of a gun to with Joaquin on the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you have to think about whether to do that for long.
Alicia Noedel: No, no, it was instant right now.
Alicia Noedel: You know, he tried to move me and he didn't want that it was
Instant
Gwenevere Abriel: So sit with that for a minute. That's what I'm trying to get you to. So turns out you don't have to reach outside for an image, you already have it inside. And I want you to really understand
Gwenevere Abriel: That that instinct isn't going anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is so old this instinct. That's why it's from that reptilian part of the brain. It's not going anywhere. I could try and talk in this way we can do exercise. That way we can do all kinds of psychological mumbo jumbo.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not going anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that was actual danger and you instinctively responded to it, the stuff you're doing right now is perceived threat, you're looking around, there's, I knew when you look around. Now there's actually no danger.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can trust in that instinct of these. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where the the cognitive part comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is actually a task to say thank you. You've kept me safe all that worry those worry thoughts, there's going to be an invasion. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Alicia Noedel: Religious make it worse. Doesn't make anything in
Alicia Noedel: Here doesn't help anything
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's the doesn't. What I'm trying to put in place. Affirmative. So here's what it is that's what it's not want what it is, there is
Gwenevere Abriel: Safety
Gwenevere Abriel: My kids, fine. He's fine. She's fine. No danger. That was me, perceiving something going into the future hypothesizing about it and look at my notes. I've done everything I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm going to add to it. I'll update CDC or news once a day, I'll write that down. Now that's off my list.
Gwenevere Abriel: My brain works better, faster, stronger when all of the parts of the brain are working together, including that instinct, but that that threat response that threat response to an actual danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be there for you in the future. You don't have to be thinking about it, it's going to be there, you can relax and that's it. I can relax and have
Gwenevere Abriel: faith in myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trust in myself. I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Take action and protect the things I love you have lived experience. Very few people have it quite that sharp. You're you've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And no, you don't think you just act, you're going to do it again. You're gonna you're going to do that. You don't have to think about it for it to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm saying it over and over and kind of really sitting with it because this was something that wasn't really readily available when you start to get scared. Remember you have you you will solve the problem, you will
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately that's what this this imagery is doing anyway, right, that's kind of what the trick is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about you when we see in others. The things we admire. Right. We also acknowledge and recognize them in ourselves too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all right, now the pieces about self sacrifice on an ongoing basis and that and that that part. I'm not going to include in here, what I want to include is just the part about instinctual.
Gwenevere Abriel: perceived danger took action. Just that that is just that's the part that's protection, psychological, physical protective quality God
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to
Alicia Noedel: I know close. I want to take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's the feeling you got right now. What's going on for you.
Alicia Noedel: I'm just like, I, I know that it's silly because I know that there isn't anything, you know, immediate danger anything and I am sick and tired of being scared and being worried about things.
Alicia Noedel: And
Alicia Noedel: I just made me feel better. You know about it.
Alicia Noedel: And because I do have the power to protect my family. I'm not helpless. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's been at least up
Alicia Noedel: This feels
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, thank you for sharing that. So this dialed up this this intense feeling you just had my guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is connected to many, many, many, many, many, many, many
Alicia Noedel: Incidences in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life of significant vulnerability and feeling like groundless. Okay, so just be compassionate about what you're going through that I do believe I have
Alicia Noedel: Faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stick with this psychotherapy, the little steps that we're doing, even today, I believe that if you can do these
Gwenevere Abriel: desensitization processes and integration, your response to the meaning of what vulnerability is or read or things like that will change. So just hang in there for it. Okay, we're just starting
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're very receptive to the psychotherapy, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think this is going to have a positive outcome we relate to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it. Let's do a couple more.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's two more things I'd like to do and that is I want to develop a container. If you ever heard anybody say oh I'm compartmentalizing that I'm not thinking about that right now. You ever heard anybody say that
Alicia Noedel: In a way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It was the new
Alicia Noedel: sequel to The Shining with Dr Seeley. I don't know if you like horror movies or not. The doctor sleep really
Alicia Noedel: He has this really cool imagery in his head about
Alicia Noedel: The like malevolent ghosts from the hotel coming back to, you know, try and feed off of his you know energy
Alicia Noedel: And he comes up with this way to look at a box. It's a little tiny lock box and is able to, you know, imagine them going into this box and being locked in it and they go away forever. You know, and that's what I thought about
Alicia Noedel: That greatly. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to that. And now let's see if it works. So the instructions for developing an emotional container. Are these. Now remember, this is metaphor. So it can be whatever. All right, but the instructions. So just this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the container be big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff that they're being locked, which you kind of already said, and this is the piece that can go a couple of different directions that the stuff will want to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: In there, what's in there that they'll stay in here. Now I get lots of different response to that. Remember, there's no wrong way to do this. It's just what comes up for you with those invitations.
Alicia Noedel: May innocence and all the things that were taken away from me and all the things that were
Alicia Noedel: What people fed off and what people disregarded and what it felt like everyone was after for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're sharing the things that you would want in the box. Is that what you're saying.
Alicia Noedel: I guess my my weekend quote my, my, you know, my vulnerable qualities
Alicia Noedel: And things that
Alicia Noedel: That made me susceptible to abuse. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Because that's what that's what made people who, you know, were
Alicia Noedel: Wanting to, you know, take advantage of me were so
Alicia Noedel: I wouldn't say attracted, but like, so I'm
Alicia Noedel: Quick to do it to me because, you know, they knew that I would that that's what you know they can get out of me that that was the reason why
Alicia Noedel: I don't know if I'm explaining it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing, you're doing a beautiful job. I want to let you know that I've heard you. Okay. So what just came up for you when I was talking about an emotional container. It sounds like there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: An attribute about yourself that you you don't want anymore. You don't want to be right all of this.
Alicia Noedel: A victim. I don't want to be a victim anymore. Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's put this over here for just a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a very precise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little task and we're almost there. Remember how when, as soon as I said box, you had one it was small and all of this. What was this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we get sucked into the box. Right. This was, What's all this stuff that got sucked in locked and it stayed put in there. What was the stuff that gets sucked in.
Alicia Noedel: pain. Pain. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe the box, the way you want it, it's going to be a container that you and I will visit
Alicia Noedel: And all vault.
Alicia Noedel: And I thought about. Yeah, well,
Alicia Noedel: I big bank vault.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: A lot of things getting past eventful
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what kind of a locking system, you got on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Alicia Noedel: Anyone, is it coaching dial with the big tire iron looking spin thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. Yeah. Messenger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, got it. And then we have the dial dial code. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm big like the size of
Like in a
Alicia Noedel: While what, what would that be like seven like the size of a, like a big bathroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, size of the bathroom. Okay, now what comes up for you when I say that the stuff will either want to stay in there. If you can't think of any reason why this stuff would stay
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be something in there that that stuff would want to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Then just the locking system can do the trick. If it's a good enough locked in that stuff will stay in there, whatever, what comes up for you when I say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the thing. If I put vulnerability in there. It does. It means it's just getting fed on by this ugliness that you might put in there, it's just getting like Holden and re victimized. So I'm not thrilled with putting in a sense in that box, if that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, but I did hear you. I heard it as just this does a very particular thing like at the end of the session
Gwenevere Abriel: I might bring up
Gwenevere Abriel: Big emotions for you. You know, they might get activated and we're like, oh no, we've only got 10 minutes, you know, okay.
Alicia Noedel: Let's rock it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in the box, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah but but the metaphor can work because you can picture. We'll do it together. Like, how is it going to get in there and is it. Can you hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In their house. The body feel now, and then you and I, if you want to. We can open it together. Some people give me the code. So you know what I mean, like we can play. It's all play right it's all just we want to get there. But let's do this in a way that's palatable. We don't want more pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to leave you for the rest of the day with all of this activation. So its intention is to say, okay, you're feeling some sadness or maybe it's self-reproach or shame or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's see if we can put it in the container and then the next metaphor. I'm going to do with you as a distancing metaphor for some people, not only did they put it in a container. They send it away. So we're going to do that one next.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, we have, we'll just go with this. Would you say this locking system is good enough to keep whatever it is we put in there.
Put
Gwenevere Abriel: won't leak out come out.
Alicia Noedel: Like to think so yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Very nice. So the second one. I'm very much like this and you may end up using this in different ways, in your life, for example, I'll use in real time, what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This virus is going to sneak in through the window. It's going to sneak on someone's back of a hand and it'll invade in my home, and there's nothing I can do that a negative thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Distancing metaphor. So here I am on the river bank and I have myself that if there's actual danger I will problem solve it and I have
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of nurturing in my awareness of poetry and really being empowered with self growth and development as I sit here as I see this brilliance in this code. I know it in myself and I'm here on the riverbank and I'm aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you know, sort of that that quality and also being surrounded by two pockets. There's no, there's no self doubt there's confidence and assertive and of course right this this wisdom of self sacrifice of Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I sit here on the river and it makes sense now.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take this negative perceived thought there's some danger in front of me right now. I can be in a relaxed body. You can have a relaxed mine and I can put that on a leaf.
Gwenevere Abriel: And slowly. I can see it sort of moving and rocking just a little bit as the water bumps it around and I can see it and I watch it me here on the river with my protective qualities here watching that and then I can't see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just left here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling good feeling safe.
Alicia Noedel: Feeling nurtured.
And wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an example. We got lots of we got spaceship that takes off. We've got a terrain that goes by quickly click and gets further away for some people it's a car and it's they you know that that
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing goes to pass them and they just look in the rearview mirror and they can see getting further away, some people some balloon it
Gwenevere Abriel: drifts off out into the atmosphere. Someone said a shooting star and just went through so fast you know sailboat. So lots of ways to distance, but it has to be a thing that is a process. It's moves a way what comes up for you.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: When you head up north from my
Alicia Noedel: City like towards Colorado. There's a bridge going from here to house, and it's a gorge an instant huge drop
Alicia Noedel: Like a very, very high bridge to all the way down to the Rio Grande River.
Alicia Noedel: That's what I think about dropping it from the top of the garbage.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it keeps going, though, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeps Yeah, or it gets submerged in like you
Alicia Noedel: Know water.
Alicia Noedel: hits the water keeps going down the river.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so dropping off nickname that gorge. If you know it.
Alicia Noedel: I did the Taos out to us. I believe Gorge Bridge. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you'll know from that that term, you'll know exactly. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there bubbly water at the bottom, or is this like
Alicia Noedel: rapids. People go
Alicia Noedel: With their boats on it and stuff, the whitewater rapids like
Alicia Noedel: That's beautiful.
Mm hmm. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you would just drop it.
Okay, people texting me
Let me just see what else we got the imagery
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that thing you mentioned earlier and I can give it if you want. We might be getting close to this word have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary and assertiveness, when you were talking about. I'm a victim. I don't want to be a victim. Right. I don't want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a single step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just be compassionate that you've developed things like self sacrifice putting others first
Gwenevere Abriel: commendation all of those things that you kind of touched on a little bit earlier that you're trying to say it almost made it possible for me to be victimized. Right. I think I heard that right. You're
Alicia Noedel: Their wallet is that I wouldn't want to get rid of either
Alicia Noedel: So that's why it's kinda you know like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know they're lovely. They're great socialized things we we we look generous and maybe we enjoy the generosity.
Alicia Noedel: But the exact qualities have hurt me in the past to, you know, because people do take advantage of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where the word boundary comes in and you're going to hear a lot about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you have any kind of negative opinion about this word boundary. I invite you to rethink it. It is amazing when you really get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to pull up the list and screenshot it it's most of us spend the rest of our lives, working on these things. This is not something that happens just like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Have compassion you developed your style of surviving in an environment that at times had scarcity okay you developed it
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were smart to do it because you survived, you're here today. We don't want to get rid of everything just want to say that may have been a solution of a 10 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still a really viable solution, just not all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other things are important to not just placing others not just being not an inconvenience to anyone that great those things I we are you matter what you need. What you want matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as mine, as much as your daughters, and this is not habit for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's more habitual that self sacrifice has been what has kept you alive and it's going to be really uncomfortable to do anything but that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The easy way is passive aggression, by the way, if that's been a style of yours because it's not assertive.
Alicia Noedel: That's all. Everything that I've learned. You know, like people around me. It's not, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Many other great don't get rid of them. Sometimes stay. Keep them.
Alicia Noedel: In a passive aggressiveness, though you know even bad qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we all do it. That's how I know what I'm talking about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's okay. It's just one tool just might not be for every situation. So we're just going to get some more. That's all. Okay, so I'm going to talk a little bit about just the basics about boundaries are. Are these
Guys have enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just send them a text. I don't know quite what the problem is, I need help I can get, never had to reset my phone.
I
Can't. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So two things in general there's a really general and you know humans aren't one or the other word gray. We're in the middle, but just to kind of get some terms boundaries tend to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Too porous. Um, let's say we have a screen here, right. This is the boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: Think it's like a property boundary. There's a fence right well in our psyche, there's space between me and you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people, the screen is like this big gaping holes for someone's opinion to get through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Criticism
Gwenevere Abriel: Manipulation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotional hijacking
Gwenevere Abriel: gaslighting can go over that another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: stuff can get through really easily. But if we just
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this, how nothing gets through you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not having connection with people you might be perceived as cold as emotionally unavailable.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is too much. This is too little. We just want that little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's my fingers. That's not real. So, how we recognize that is through
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to the body. And what do I need, what do I want these are the skills, I'ma say a fast, but these are some of the things that over the months that we work together, you're going to really understand
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to notice how you feel you're going to be able to name it, you're going to go to positive self talk if I'm worth it just going to be a little weird. Maybe, like, why am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll see how you do there. And then you're going to possibly if you want to communicate it not passively. It would look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking on this additional fill in the blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you wait to see what your environment says environment says, I don't care. Well now you know you didn't know that before you didn't know because you were always
Gwenevere Abriel: keeping yourself overwhelmed. You didn't have to find out that this object doesn't care or I feel overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your environment says oh really, cuz you've never said that before. How can I help and they care. This is risky because of notice how I said the environment may say working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one reason why we don't say it directly. We Don't Talk directly about I'm feeling scared because people may say, I don't care.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we do this passive aggressive thing and we kind of we just keep sacrificing sacrificing
Alicia Noedel: We look just like I assume that they know
Alicia Noedel: That you know no one's going to like understand like the full magnitude of how I'm feeling. You know, like they get under exaggerate it woke me up. So I, I already expect that from people when I before I even know, try and I think that's what I need to work on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Alicia Noedel: It's like not being so you know quick to be they don't, you're not gonna care anyway so why am I going to say it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we got to find out in real time, they may just care. And so maybe you
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be under estimating some of the people in your life capability to contain and hold those feelings that you have
I want to see if I can find something for us here.
Alicia Noedel: I'm gonna have to check on my daughter real quick. I've heard her like yelling for like 30 minutes. I don't know if she's having a hard time using the bathroom.
Alicia Noedel: Sorry. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how's she doing
Alicia Noedel: She's being fussy. She doesn't want to sit down, she wants him to just hold her standing up and so she's getting mad.
Alicia Noedel: I screenshot of that already. Okay.
Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: It's cold in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to get another layer.
Alicia Noedel: No, it's okay. I should have started a fire.
Alicia Noedel: We have a little fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we, we've got a little bit of time we can at least look at a couple of these. I'm gonna let me just pick one. That's a real
Gwenevere Abriel: I read type this elsewhere. And it's numbered, but this is its original little screenshot. I took at one point. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, these are so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at the healthy bounce healthy boundaries over here because a lot of times people will say, this is what it constitutes a a porous unhealthy boundary. Actually, they do both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually you can see passive aggressive right in your. Let's go to number three. Third one and you expect reciprocity means given take in a relationship you share responsibility and power.
Gwenevere Abriel: Decision making, things like that. Just because someone makes the money doesn't mean they hold all the power
Gwenevere Abriel: They're still shared responsibility. So that's a healthy approach and unhealthy boundary would be you have no balance of power responsibility relationships, you tend to be either overly responsible and controlling or passive independent
Gwenevere Abriel: This can this can come up right that you're going to probably notice yourself in here, here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its intention is not to wipe you out or feel sad. I mean, you may feel those things. But it's to say this is so common so prolific
Gwenevere Abriel: That that when people look at these everyone I've ever talked to his said, I'm in there. I can see that I'm going to work on that and and if there's just something about having it written out in such such VERY SIMPLE SENTENCES so distinct
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at this first one you can say no or yes and you are okay when others say no to you.
Alicia Noedel: Ah,
Alicia Noedel: Hard on hellner
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, look at how powerful this is, I mean they it's like they strip us there with the psychology. You can't say no because you're afraid of rejection and abandonment that cuts through all it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. But you're not alone. This is remember I was saying early you cultivated a sense of probably self sacrifice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because it meant that the little bit of attention that you are getting it wouldn't leave you. Okay, but that might not fit your current resource right now that might not be. You could actually I'm guessing afford to say your nose more clearly and not lose
Gwenevere Abriel: The people that you love.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll have to teach me that, because I don't know your relationships. Yet I only know your history said has been quite challenging.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a strong sense of identity. There's number two and you respect yourself. So if we spent time. And I said, I want to hear a whole list of things that that describe you, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know some things about your protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Right kind, generous, definitely. You are self sacrificing okay but do you respect yourself.
Alicia Noedel: Never given any thought to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So you see how they're right next to each other, though, we're saying these things all i this is who I am. Do you love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, or
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a mixed feeling like I do it because I have to, or is this who I really, really, really, really, really, really am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so look over here on the right, your identity, the unhealthy boundary. Again, those are the porous ones right your identity or overly rigid your identity consists of what you think others want you to be
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are a chameleon. Now of course this is we're just putting it in very definitive terms, it's just a point of departure, do I relate to this don't relate to this.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Good, at least in the past I've had to
Alicia Noedel: That way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing more and more you're starting to say some of your nose. You're starting to
Alicia Noedel: I read all of them. And I can agree to a certain extent, to all of them to unhealthy boundaries.
Alicia Noedel: That makes me sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the one down here. Let me count this 112345678 it's the eighth one where it says you ignore your inner voice and allow others expectations to define your potential
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that one.
Alicia Noedel: It's over the way
Alicia Noedel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm going to be spending a lot of time, encouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: inner awareness, whether it's the body, it's your emotion will. Well, how did you feel well. And that's real. It's not dependent on whether someone sees it feels it agrees.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you felt it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I need to know. That's real. Now what meaning you make of it because notice we've played a little bit today with fear and anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to have them. It's automatic and brains like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she say she say she said she say fish, you say, fish, you say there's parts of our brain right
Gwenevere Abriel: That. That's all it does. But that's only one part. That's why we did also all these other cool parts. So then you go up here to the frontal lobe and you say okay, thanks for sharing. Thank you for keeping me alive, but did
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine, there's actually no danger. Right now I've got these other things to do, thinking about it and worrying about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worrying actually doesn't do anything. It's sapping my energy, making the irritable with the people I love. Like what, now this virus has invaded this house, and it's not even here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll write it down. And thank you for sharing. You've kept me alive, but right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to turn my attention to things that I enjoy
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then you lose twice. The other way to spend all that being scared and sad and irritable and then you get the infection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not or then might get both. He was miserable and you get it, or you could just enjoy your
Gwenevere Abriel: Work your prevention plan brains going to keep running here and there, it's going to automatically come up and get you get you all riled up, it's going to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's there for you. You can trust. It's going to get a little worried, just write it down, okay, don't worry about, you know, later I wrote you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll make sure I make this or I'll clean this okay or anything it down. But spending time over and over and over. It's saps a life out. Yeah, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Maybe most people anyway.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I've been feeling like I felt like very
Alicia Noedel: Low energy
Alicia Noedel: And like, not wanting to do anything. You know, that's not how I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Elise, you're right. Now, this whole planet is we're all in this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when I mean
Alicia Noedel: I'm sure I'm not the only person who can make this by
Alicia Noedel: Sure, there's a lot more people that are scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're all talking about it. Everybody's we're all starting our day talking about it, talking about, okay, you're not
Alicia Noedel: sick of hearing about it to, you know, I'm so tired of it. I wish you would just happen. So they were just
Alicia Noedel: You know, be over with, you know,
Alicia Noedel: I'm tired of it.
Alicia Noedel: And it hasn't even, you know, hit us up the way it takes like a lot of other people really hard. You know, it's very sad, but
Alicia Noedel: I don't know, it's just so, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like for you to write down the actions that you can take. Write them down on the list, get them out of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you have the thoughts after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And just drop it into the gorge just drop it.
Alicia Noedel: Okay. Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Brains going to bring it up again. Then you go look at your list and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it listed right here. Now, you either take action and you go do those things or don't bother putting them on the list, you don't think you're going to actually post things
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to drive the CDC and pick it or you know i mean supposed to do. So that's it. You see, or you could do what you just did two seconds ago images which you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to get it over with her to get the invasion. No, I don't think that's what you really
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want the interpretation that pain, distress of this worrying. It's so do these things instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't really want that.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, no, I don't. But you know, I just don't want to think about it anywhere. I was literally going to get on here and ask you to do.
Alicia Noedel: I was over exaggerating. And if you thought I needed to, like, get on medication to, like, calm down, or like whatever the case may be, because I thought maybe you know I'm freaking out for no reason, or, you know, I'm being too.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know, like cautious.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far what you said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right there in the middle and with everybody else. We're all my hands are drying up from all the handwashing our
Gwenevere Abriel: Schools are cancelled I my everybody's home it's
Alicia Noedel: Where
Alicia Noedel: It's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also doesn't the the opposite, that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Another version of this is snow worse than the flu in a few weeks. Whenever we're going to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: The same people that were vulnerable before are vulnerable, just like the flu. It's me some peace with the CDC the funding, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And all that we're in, you did.
Necessary.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's another version, why not this other version versus the one you're coming up with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm choosing that one because I have not available to my family not available to my clients if I'm constantly in that headspace and there's nothing I can do. I'm going to write a list of the things I can do and I'm going to do.
Alicia Noedel: And I think it's a lot of it has to do also with me being raised by like a really, really Catholic family like all my elders were very, very Catholic and all that we're, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Constantly drilling in my head that like, Oh, well, you know, if all colors is gonna come soon and you're all we're all going to hell and like, you know, that's another thing. It's like, oh, well,
Alicia Noedel: Everyone's like, oh, you know, this is just the place that's going to start it, you know, like it's just I messed up from so much projection on me.
Alicia Noedel: You know that, like, that's me. That's not even what I believe. You know, and it's still something that I'm worrying about so I don't know it's just
Alicia Noedel: Well, I, you're right, though.
Alicia Noedel: You're right.
Alicia Noedel: Well you know I feel a lot more calm about it.
Will you consider
Gwenevere Abriel: You consider
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm going to go. I go jumping start a group
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And when the, when the thought comes when the negative fear thought calm say thank you for sharing. It's called thought stopping see my hand. Thank you for sharing. You've kept me alive so far, look around there any danger know
Alicia Noedel: What am
Gwenevere Abriel: I see my list. I wrote my list of things I can actually take action as soon as I think I'm another good idea to write it down. Let's see the hand stays here.
Alicia Noedel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no danger. There's my list. I'm going to go move on and do things. Other things when
Alicia Noedel: My family you know love everybody. Stop freaking out about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bless about whatnot, just trust me on the affirmative, what you're gonna do. It's the do
Alicia Noedel: Okay, if you
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try it this way versus don't freak out. That's a don't try it this way do thank you for sharing. There's no danger. I'll write down my left, so I'll do my list. Those are the do do those. Okay. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What time
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we meeting.
Alicia Noedel: I gotta run like right away. I'm late. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Can we
Alicia Noedel: Leave it for me to just text me if that's easier for you later on in the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I don't want to keep you should
Gwenevere Abriel: We leave it at this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Can we can we leave it at this time.
Alicia Noedel: Her okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Be good to
Alicia Noedel: Have a good day. Bye. Hi.